# Account_Manager

index.php -- This is the confirmation place where certain validations need to be passed in order for the account to be placed into setup aka success.php. Mostly verifying that each field is not empty. Once the user clicks the 'create account' button, this will trigger the php script at the top of the document to establish a PDO connection to the database. The script then checks if the submit button isset and if true, it will post the input fields to variables that can then be binded to the associated parameter and inserted into the database.
Once the statement executes, the url is redirected to success.php.

success.php -- This page is divided into three tables. The first being the first report and is a table with all accounts. Notice that upon uploading on the previous page/place, the datetime was recorded. Once here, the user gets the option to activate or deactivate each account. Once each button is clicked, it will run script pertaining to either activating an account or deactivating. And once the action has been taken, the datetime is recorded/logged. The second table contains all accounts that are inactive, and the third table contains data from both tables. I unfortunately could not complete the last report in time. So I did this instead to show that I am able join tables together in an sql statement and than fetch that information to be placed into a table/report. Please see my comments in the success.php document for more of an explanation of the php code.

activate.php and deactivate.php -- These scripts establish a connection to the database, GETs the id corresponding to the button that was selected on the previous page, exectutes a select statement with said id and pulls the corresponding 'active' column of the 'accounts' table. Once the tinyint value has been set to a variable, an IF condition checks to see if it is true or false. For the deactivate button, we want it to return a value so we may than switch that value to false/0. This way, we dont record a new datetime over an already activated account when the activated button gets pressed on accident. Likewise, if an account is already deactivated, this will prevent a new deactivated time from getting recorded. The account must be active in order to deactivate it and vice versa. 

dbconfig.php -- this is a script to connect to a database using a PDO connection.

stylesheets added for better appeal.
